[Music]
welcome to today's video
Today I want something like that again
try how to transform 4 mm
Video
Today I will be such a fashion
Try this video means that I am
another face in my face
I like to paint a perpetrator
Look, she has a total like that
develops that you can according to mine and
I'll just try that today
let's just start the office I'll be like this
how they started brown with my eyes
and it works
[Music]
[Applause]
what others do not strengthen
I prefer showing that just me
take it alone and sometimes more money
an eye on
[Music]
Now I ask Eyeshadow and
neumünster
I applied four fingers and
now
[Music]
I thought it would be easier
but you always see each other
always underestimates everything
[Music]
but
interesting also during the week is that
impressive already something i know
it not I did my best
and that's the best I can get out of it
skills racing got so and
but now I should make-up
an appointment was okay that's it
[Music]